docs: Clarify distinction between modules and script inclusion (#7217)
nextflow-io/nextflow: docs/modules/modules.md

# Overview

Nextflow scripts can include **definitions** (workflows, processes, and functions) from other scripts.

> A **module** is a script that contains a single process definition.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A **module** is self-contained process definition providing a well-defined module specification file [link to module spec].
```

Think it should be stressed a module defined the process script along with companion metadata spec file

Author: @christopher-hakkaart I think this answers your question. A module is primarily the script + spec

Reviewer 2: Yup - thanks!
